README

How to run:
	!IF NOT RUNNING THE SERVER ON YOUR LOCAL MACHINE, SKIP TO STEP 3!
	
	1. ServerMain will require two arguments in the Run Configurations, a port number to run the server on and and how many players the server should wait to connect
		before it starts the game.  I have been running the server on port 8192.
		EXAMPLE ARGUMENTS: 8192 1
	
	2. A small GUI interface for the server should appear if the server successfully starts, this will log the server's activity.
	
	3. Run login and give yourself a name, type in the address and port number for the server we are connecting to.  Port = the port number from step 1.
		IF YOU ARE RUNNING THE SERVER LOCALLY ON YOUR OWN PC: Address = localhost   
		IF YOU ARE NOT RUNNING THE SERVER LOCALLY ON YOUR OWN PC: You need the actual IP Address of the server
	
	4. The main window should appear, if the chat panel does not display "Successful connection" anywhere, then a connection has not been established with the server.
	
	5. Assuming a connection was established, you should now be able to send messages and have them appear to every client connected to the server.
	
	6. The game will start when the number of clients specified by the second argument for ServerMain have connected.  You know the game has started
		if you render a view to the main window and the timer starts ticking down.
		
		
	Objective of the Game:
		You are a robber who has committed a horrible crime.  You have murdered a young, wealthy man in his home and now have 5 minutes to get rid of all evidence.
		Evidence comes in various forms, there is blood on floors, bloody items around the house, a body to hide/dispose of are an example of a few.  There are
		less obvious forms of evidence but I don't want to give too much away...  Before the timer expires, you should aim to leave the house through the garage door,
		note if you leave the house you may not return.  When all players have left the house, or the timer expirse, the game will calculate a score for your group.
		There may also be a special treasure for you to find.
		
		If your score is not low enough, you will all be arrested and sent to prison.  If your score IS low enough, you will escape conviction for your horrible crime.
		
	